

                          Program TEST_RESIZE

test_resize <options>

Test program to re-size an X window.


COMMAND LINE OPTIONS

    -WIND <window specifier string>

         Identifies the window to re-size.  The default is the standard
         output window.  The window descriptor string syntax is
         detailed below.

    -SIZE x y

         New size of the window in pixels.

    -POS x y

         Now position of top left window corner with respect to
         parent's top left window corner.  Note that the window manager
         may sometimes convert the coordinates so that they effectively
         become the absolute position of the top left corner.

    -PARENT <X window id>

         The window being re-sized will be placed directly below window
         <window id> in the window hierarchy.  The paramter is a raw
         window ID, not a window descriptor string.  Use program
         X_WINDS to get a list of window IDs for a particular screen.


WINDOW SPECIFIER

  A window specifier starts with a screen specifier, which is then
  followed by a list of options that identify the particular window on
  that screen.  There must be at least one space between each of the
  options, parameters, and the screen specifier string.  The entire
  window specifier string must be enclosed in quotes ("") or
  apostrophies ('') if it contains any spaces.  The options are:

    <integer number>

         This identifies the window directly by its system ID number.
         To get a list of windows with their ID numbers on X window
         systems, run the X_WINDS program.

    -STDOUT

         Selects the window where standard output is being displayed.
         This is the default if a window is not otherwise selected.

    -ROOT

         Selects the root window of the screen.

    -DIR

         Forces use of this window directly.  The application is not
         allowed to create a subordinate window, and then draw into
         that.

    -INDIR

         The indicated window must not be used directly.  The
         application must always create a subordinate window to draw
         into.  This flag is mutually exclusive with -DIR.  When
         neither flag is specified, the application may use the window
         directly or indirectly, as it deems appropriate.

    -NOWM

         Indicates that an attempt should be made to prevent the window
         manager from interfering with any newly created windows.  Most
         window managers only interfere with windows that are directly
         subordinate to the root window.

    -POS x y

         Implies -INDIR, and specifies the position of the top left
         corner of the new window with respect to the top left corner
         of the parent window.

    -SIZE dx dy

         Implies -INDIR, and specifies the size of the new window.

    -NAME name

         Sets the window name if a new window is created.  Most window
         managers display this name in the "banner" section at the top
         of the window.  The name string must be quoted if it contains
         any spaces.  The default is the name of the program running
         the process.

    -ICNAME name

         Sets the icon name if a new window is created.  Most window
         managers somehow display this name when the window is
         iconified.  The default is the window name.

  Note that many window managers do not allow applications to specify
  all the parameters described here.  Some window managers may
  interpret these parameters as "suggestions", and others may ignore
  then totally.  RENDlib will make the requests, but ultimately you get
  what the window manager decides to give you.


SCREEN SPECIFIER

  A workstation screen is identified by the workstation name, the
  number of the server handling that screen, and the screen within all
  the screens handled by that server.  The server and screen fields can
  usually be omitted since most workstations have only one screen, and
  therefore only one server.

  The format of a complete system screen identifier is:

    <machine name>:<server ID>.<screen ID>

  Each field may be omitted to indicate the default value.

  The machine name, if specified, must be either the name of a machine
  on your network, or "-PROC".  The value "-PROC" indicates the machine
  where the process is running.  The default machine is the one where
  the standard output text for this process is being displayed.  The
  device is treated as not being present when the standard output
  screen can't be reliably determined.

  The server ID is a number on X-window systems.  The default server is
  the one controlling the screen where standard output is being
  displayed.

  The screen ID is a number on X-window systems.  The default screen is
  the one where standard output is being displayed.

  The default when all three fields are not specified is the screen
  where standard output is being displayed.  This is taken from the
  DISPLAY environment variable, if present.  If the DISPLAY environment
  variable is not found, then the REMOTEHOST environment variable is
  used to get the machine name, and zeros are assumed for the server
  and screen IDs.

  The ":" and/or "." punctuation characters may be omitted when all the
  fields to the right of them are empty (default values).  For example,
  "mongo:." is the same as "mongo:" and "mongo".  On X-window systems,
  this is usually the same as "mongo:0.0", since the default server and
  screen numbers are both zero when a machine has only one screen.

  No blanks are allowed between fields or around the punctuation
  characters, although the entire string may have trailing blanks.  If
  a field contains blanks or any of the punctuation characters, then it
  must be enclosed in quotes ("") or apostrophies ('').  The ":" after
  the machine name may be repeated once.  Thus "joe:1" is the same as
  "joe::1".
