

                           Program TEST_TMAP2

Test program to exercise RENDlib texture mapping.  This program is not
intended for general use.  You may be asked to run it in an effort to
diagnose a problem.

This program draws a texture mapped cylinder.  Many texture mapping
intricacies can be excercised by this program thru clever use of the
command line options.  Most of the standard RENDlib test program
command line options are meaningful.  See the REND_TEST documentation
file for details.  TEST_TMAP2 also takes the following private command
line options:

  -BLEND_LEV n

       Set the number of discrete levels for blending between the two
       texture maps of the most appropriate size.  The default is 256
       quantization levels, which is essentially continuous.

  -OBJ object

       Specify the object to draw.  Choices are:

       CYL

            Cylinder.  The cylinder is centered at the origin, is
            aligned with the Y axis, and has a radius of 0.5.  Its
            length is adjusted to be 1/2 its circumference.  The
            texture is mapped twice around the cylinder, and once along
            its axis.  This is the default.

       CUBE

            Cube centered around the origin.  It is axis-aligned
            extending to +-0.6 in all dimensions.  The texture is
            mapped once to each face.  Each cube face is broken into
            CIRRES1 segments along each edge.  This means that
            CIRRES1**2 quads are drawn for each cube face.  See the
            REND_TEST documentation file for more info about CIRRES.
            The default is CIRRES1 1, meaning each cube face is drawn
            as one complete quad.

  -STAT

       Write information to the image and to the image file comment
       lines about parameters that might be relevant.  The default is
       to not write this information.

  -NSTAT

       Don't write additional information to the image and image file
       comment lines.  This is the default.

  -UVQUAD

       Force the U and V texture map indicies to be quadratically
       interpolated accross each polygon.  This is the default.

  -UVLIN

       Force the U and V texture map indicies to be linearly
       interpolated accross each polygon.  The default is to
       interpolate them quadratically.

  -REPT n

       Set the number of texture map replications in each dimension
       from the default (N = 1).  For example, the texture is mapped to
       each cube face once by default.  When N = 2, the texture is
       mapped in a 2 x 2 tiled pattern to each cube face.

  -ZRANGE znear zfar

       Set the Z buffer range limits in the view space.  These will be
       clipped to not include the eye point, if necessary.  The default
       Z range extends from 1.5 to -1.5.  In the view space, the eye is
       on the +Z axis looking at the origin.  +X is to the right and +Y
       is up.  Z=0 is the image plane where perspective will have no
       effect.  Objects in front of it (+Z) values will be enlarged,
       and objects behind it (-Z) values will be shrunk due to
       perspective.  The +-1 image plane square is centered and
       maximized in the image area.  The distance from the eye point to
       the Z=0 image plane is the EYEDIS perspective value.
