

                            Program TEST_3DT

test_3dt <options>

Test program to draw a 3D object.  This program is not intended for
general use.  You may be asked to run it in an effort to diagnose a
problem.

This program tumbles an object composed of six 3D triangles.  The
triangles form three "arrows", indicating the positive direction of the
major axes.  Depending on options, a single partially transparent
triangle may also appear.



COMMAND LINE OPTIONS

  This program obeys all the standard RENDlib test program command line
  options in addition to the following:

    -NOZ

         Turn off Z buffer compares when drawing objects.

    -ALPHA

         Force on the alpha buffered triangle.  By default, this
         triangle is displayed whenever it is not the cause of forcing
         software emulation mode.

    -NOALPHA

         Force off the alpha buffered triangle.  By default, this
         triangle is displayed whenever it is not the cause of forcing
         software emulation mode.

    -QUAD

         Quadratically interpolate RGB for the solid objects.

    -PANES

         Break up the current window to create separate panes for the
         graphics.  This will use the same RENDlib logical device names
         as FOTO.

    -LINE

         Draw only the edges of the trianlges using the LINE_3D
         primitive.  The default is to draw the triangles solid using
         the TRI_3D primitive.  This will also cause the text, if
         enabled, to be drawn with vectors instead of polygons.

    -TEXT

         Draw some text in the 3DPL space.  This is for testing the
         3DPL space primitives.

    -DEV2 <RENDlib device string>
    -DEV3 <RENDlib device string>

         Specify explicit RENDlib device strings for the two optional
         panes.  Either of these options implies -PANES.  The default
         device names are FOTO_SCENE_DIAGRAM and FOTO_MENU.


ACTIVE KEYS:

    Four arrow keys:

         Rotate the view space about its center.

    Four arrow keys shifted:

         Translate object withing view space.  Translation is clipped
         to near view space limits.

    Up and down arrow keys with control:

         Translate object forwards and backwards within view space.  As
         with other translations, the total range is clipped.

    First function key

         Reset to original view and conditions.

    Second function key

         Toggle background clears on/off.  Background clears wake up or
         reset to on.  When background clears are off, then the objects
         are drawn incrementally into the existing image and Z buffer
         (when enabled).  When background clears are on, then the
         objects are always drawn into a cleared background.

    Third function key

         Toggle updates on/off.  The initial and reset condition is
         updates are on.  When updates are off, nothing is drawn,
         although incremental transforms and modes are still
         accumulated.  When updates are turned on, the objects are
         redrawn in their new positions.

    Fourth function key

         Toggle double buffer mode, if possible.  Double buffering is
         enabled by default, if available.

    Mouse button 1 (usually left button)

         Pan the camera.  Drags point on virtual sphere centered on the
         eye point and extending to Z=0.

    Shift mouse button 1

         Dolly camera in/out.

    Mouse button 3 (usually right button)

         Rotate object.  Drags point on large virtual sphere centered
         at the origin.
